Design Paradigm (Function Oriented Programming)

For this project, we utilized function oriented design. Function Oriented Design was chosen because it allowed us to 
define the game as a set of functions that, when used together, controls the state of the game. Another reason for choosing 
this design paradigm is that Function Oriented Design is derived from Top Down Functional Decomposition and Component Level Design, 
two critical aspects that make it easier to program the game and add later functionality to. Firstly, the top down functional 
decomposition aspect of function oriented design allows functions to be split into smaller and smaller sub functions help make code 
that maybe too complex or too large on its own into something that can be more readily managed, or implemented such as updating the 
state of the game, which depends on multiple sub functions. The game logic we wanted to use really depend on being able to split 
into  simpler and more simple sub functions that, together make a more complex portion of the game. Secondly, component level design 
aspect of the design paradigm are defined by function oriented design to be components that are clearly defined functions. 
The idea that the each component is a clearly defined function that controls a certain aspect of the game makes it easy to program 
by chaining functions to create a defined outcome such as updating the score, then displaying to the screen. Lastly, is the use of 
global variables and data. Having global variables and data that can manage the state of the game lends itself towards the use of function 
oriented programming as it can readily access and see if the states are fulfilled rather than having it’s own data. By doing so, we can 
treat the game as a large function composed by many smaller functions. Essentially, why we chose function oriented design is because it’s 
decomposition makes it easy to implement code while the stringent use of clearly defined functions and less regard for data structures 
make it easier to compose the logic and functionality of the game.
